{And as a reminder, on this
study, we'll see two types of
pictures. The first type we're
going to see right now is a
graphic novel.}
{This one has around 8 pages.
Please describe what you see and
what is happening in between 10
and 15 minutes and you can start
when you're ready.}
#START_Arrival_4 I see a white
male in the shower washing up.
Maybe getting ready for work?
See, I'm getting shaved.
I see him.
Using a razor, getting dressed.
Tying his shoes.
Yeah tying his shoes and
counting change.
Getting this hat to go outside.
Looking at the map to see where
is he going.
Probably early in the morning or
in the afternoon.
He's looking at the map.
There's some type of.
Animal or creature looking at
him.
He's being followed by the
creature on the City Street to
the some people outside or
outside on the on the street.
You look seem like my kind of
dirty.
And the city looks pretty big.
It's cloudy and all different
types of building structures.
I think there's a railroad
track.
If you start looking at the map.
He might be lost.
The creature still following.
Umm.
Yeah, I guess there's just boats
that's flying in the sky.
Teepee cones.
There's a lot of people outside.
Doing different things, just lot
of different creatures and
firehydrants.
Paintings on the walls.
Different types of structures.
Stuff in the sky.
OK.
The creature is talking to
another. Yeah, I guess the
creature animals communicating
another animal.
I guess she's asked another
person with a map asking her for
directions because he's kind of
lost.
He's having a conversation with
the lady.
Guess she's showing something,
showing him where they go on the
map.
And then she's.
Shown to some type of, I don't
know, telephone booth or
something. I don't know what it
is.
And she dial something.
She dial some numbers with her
fingers, then she pull a lever.
I think it's strange machine.
Things a piece of note comes
out.
And she tells him what it is.
Then after that she hands it to
him.
Then.
They talk some more. Let's see.
She tells him the certain amount
of time he has.
Then after that.
They're looking to this guy, I
guess they see sky boats or
something like that. There's a
lot of people around.
Some of these people standing
around waiting for this boat, I
guess it's coming close, people
getting on the boat.
The boat.
Those dots at the station, then
the creatures phone and why he's
on the gets on the boat.
The ticket master.
Clicks his ticket and says
walking aboard. He looks yeah,
funny outfit on. Get some glass
sunglasses on with the big white
beard.
Directing people around them.
On the boat
Yes, the guys on the boat, the
creature sits with them.
Talking to the lady, that helps
him.
There's other passengers around
look kind of sad.
She he looks kind of strange.
Confused. Yes. He goes in his
pocket. His jacket pocket. To
show her something.
That he's looking for somebody.
And she said she has her bird
with him. I guess they
Both.
Have the same picture of the
same person.
They're looking for.
Then this there's a picture of a
person that's probably Asian.
And there's a little girl with a
book.
She's reading it. Someone takes
it from her.
Put it in the drawer.
I don't know, you've locked you
locked the door, or she's
getting locked up around.
Somebody forced to shovel in her
hand says go dig this cold
inside this machine. Looks very
hot and dirty.
So.
I just, I kind of like slave
labor.
She's doing her job.
Well, if she's hot or whatever.
And she's climbing on. It's dark
and.
She's trying to like a chimney
sweeper and cleaning the top of
chimney.
Thank God we give a couple that
and what she's doing that
clothes all dirty.
She's done for now.
OK, there's a lot of like.
People like her seem like, they
like.
Slaves or something like that.
Forced laborers, forced child
labor or whatever on this.
Just like a big colony of them.
She's on her knees crying.
But she wasn't there. Now she
got a shovel.
Trying to pry open up the door,
trying to escape.
She's listening. See if she hear
anybody.
Then she.
Trying to get up in their locked
door.
She opened it up. Now she got
it, and she's.
Trying to escape where she is.
She weren't running across
tracks you get into.
Box string.
Looks for books. She's cold and
dirty and scared, riding around
on the train.
This is dark outside.
Round the trains ran on the
track in the mountains.
Going on a different, different,
different destination somewhere
else. Safer.
Yeah.
Just, I guess the Sky book,
right? I mean, going somewhere
else, it's getting close to the
destinations, all different type
of.
Funny billboards and different
faces and number of letters and
characters.
There's a.
Friend.
With the animal in their lap,
points out something. There's a
guy with a Big Horn makes a
shout.
Then.
These people stand around
looking at this.
Picture or something like that.
While they shake hands.
As you get off the boat.
It's animal friend follows him.
He looks kind of confused. Don't
know where you're going.
In this strange land.
Different.
Funny buildings and stuff like
that, and different people with
weird hats, so funny statue of a
cat or bowl of food in it. It's
like animals on top of a
building.
And building have a sun dial.
A picture of a sun print.
And the other one.
The teepee smoke coming out of
it.
Hmm.
The guests walking with his
animal friend to this building.
A lot of people out with their
strings.
Lettering. Lettering from the
wall.
Somebody I guess is like
someone's phone or something,
some type of food out of the
drawer.
This one has like.
It's important to this is a
market with squids or something
like that, selling stuff fish.
And Lady goes up to some type of
booth order something.
And I guess she.
Something. Some type of animal
or something.
You know the guys somewhere
following the trying to find his
way. He's looking at pictures in
the book.
Looking for something, you know,
I guess the animals helping
them.
Find something that's in the
drawer that's in the wall.
As he opens up the drawer.
Trying to look in the book and
see yeah and find what type of
vegetable, what type of.
Thing that is.
Yes, one that.
People that's local around their
show zone.
What?
It is or something that's father
comes.
Tries to help him, showing what
it is.
He's trying to explain something
so the guy helps him.
He goes in and pull off some
strange edible thing.
I guess the guy tries it or
something like that. The boy
brings over a basket to the guy.
You just met.
Yes, strong more to go.
In the market.
Does this guy shown about
different type of?
Exotic foods and stuff and.
He's showing, what they doing?
The son showing about exotic
fruit, fruits and vegetables and
what they do.
We keep showing them different
stuff and.
What they do, they're eating
different type of foods and.
Getting acquainted and sharing
food the guys from the strange
land. Try this exotic food and
give some to that animal.
And also.
He has a basket of fruit now and
different type of solid foods.
The guy was just in his hair.
The guy was just another guys at
saying Western and the guys,
you'll see what's going on,
that's they made new friends in
this new, this, this new strange
place.
The kid with the basket of food
points to somewhere.
So I guess they follows these
new friends that you met to
somewhere there's more boats at.
Yes, there's a lot worse places
to pass new strains. Buildings
has clouds.
I guess they're only going on
the new adventure somewhere new.
New
Friends.
I guess there are walking a
boat.
Their friend with the animals
and holding the basket.
Hold on, basket.
Something WAVY.
Something out of the basket
waves his tail.
Thinks he scares the guy?
And the father said, I'm sure
you have nothing to be afraid of
this animal's friendly.
The kid holds him up and lets
him pet it and I'm sure it's OK.
That makes friends with his
animal friend.
I guess they're sharing
something for the animals.
The guy.
To adults talk.
I guess he still lost. He's
still trying to help him, but I
would need to be.
So he draws him a picture.
Show them where he where he
wanted to go and where he used
to be at.
Show me the picture and think
the guy that he might have been
around that area.
We just talk and.
Where I'm going something like
that.
Maybe you can wait for maybe he
might, maybe might find a guy
showing where he got he used to
be like help able to help him
maybe. #END_arrival_4
{That was the story. And you
talk about 15 minutes. That was
good.}
{And moving on to the next one,
instead of a graphic novel, now
we just have one picture of a
complex scene.}
{And again, please describe what
you see and what is happening,
but take between three and five
minutes.}
#START_make_a_splash Well, looks
like there's a lot of different
diverse people at some type of
water part.
Hmm.
They've got all different type
of clothes on, I mean different
type of summer clothes on.
It's like a different type of
slides.
Different color type of set
slides also.
There's the a lot of palm trees.
There.
It was like a elephant or pink
elephant, a lot of people
standing around waiting to go
down different slides.
There's a.
There's like a.
Like.
A big number eight golden yellow
eight. There's older people
there.
People have life preservers on.
There's a lifeguard woman.
There also is a lady with red
purse.
There's like a.
Just like, couple things are
like just like a slide of
rainbow colors.
I guess some people friend
they're like a little.
Snake.
A water a snake or something
like that. It's green.
And some big water balloons.
That's that's going to get go.
They got white circles in there
and this red one they got.
Or circle dots on it.
Also, there's like a like a
power shift there.
Hmm.
That's why people want it.
And it's nice and golden slide,
some golden got a golden slide.
Lot of people doing it. There's
some.
Maybe some red like sea dragon?
It's red, blue and yellow with
different colors on it.
There's also a.
He was squirting. Squirting
people out of a squirting
machine out of that, off from
the pirate ship.
Waters blue.
Also, guests are like playing
water games down there.
They all say.
The families having little
picnics there.
They got yellow rafts.
Everybody has rafts floating
through the water.
Right.
Like a Brown Mountain with green
grass and.
People standing around.
All different types life
preservers I mean.
It's all different type of
lifeguards with white shirts
standing around looking out.
Hmm.
For the, for the guests and
stuff like that.
There's different age groups
there.
Bring bushes with red.
Flowers on it and stuff.
Umm.
See like
It's the one that climbed up the
Dragon's tail.
Having fun with friends right
now?
Oh so.
People get different color here.
Some people hiding underneath
the slide.
Different people.
This ship has a.
Ohh boy gun like a hose
squirting people out there in
the water park.
#END_make_a_splash
{All right, that was, uh, almost
5 minutes. So we can move on to
the next one. So this one, like
the first one we've seen, it's a
graphic novel, but that's about
this one is about four pages.}
{So again, just describe what
you see and what is happening,
and we're aiming for between 10
and 15 minutes.}
#START_ARRIVAL_5 OK, see you.
Strange land.
There's people coming up to to
the strange land on the boat.
It has a funny buildings and
some type of temple.
Some type of temple with birds
flying around.
The smaller temples with some
more birds flying around.
Different just some steps.
I guess this.
Knocking the boat or whatever.
And then?
She got trying to show the guy
where to go.
So he need to be at.
And.
You start walking up these
stairs.
They go to some place with
somebody having hand them with
some basket food.
I don't know, that's just wife
or friend. Shake hands.
Talk. And then they then she
invite them in.
For some drinks.
Just prepare the food.
Prepares the food.
Yeah, just don't cut.
And she starts out.
Making some type of soup or
something with the food or
something like that, then she.
Starts.
She starts that sheering.
Some water or something like
that. Nature.
Some water or some type of food
dipping, some food and on
stepping.
And she's basing the food with
some type of sauce.
Make it taste better.
Yeah, sure.
Tastes better so people can
enjoy it.
Yes, they all gather around for
this feast.
Hmm.
The little boy feeds the
animals.
The animal is joining in.
I guess the guy's girlfriend and
the other friend are talking
about the food.
Her her boyfriend is.
Flaming up some type of some
type of fruit.
A vegetable.
Have a good time.
No time.
The guy, the stranger, he's
telling, telling some type of
story.
Then the guard comes out with a.
Comes out with musical
instrument and I guess she comes
out singing, say, I guess they
all could sing.
Yeah, she's a good singer too.
Did you, little kid?
No.
And he just leaves like.
Places. And then he he makes
like origami, like paper animals
and stuff like that.
Please make your parents.
Different animals, just certain,
just he can't relate to.
And.
Yes, he makes ceramics. She
pulls like a ceramic eye. The
other ******* long time.
They don't know they have a gift
or.
Of the showing his ceramic
seals.
No.
The ceramic
It's just sitting there alone.
Small.
There.
Then there's like this ceramic
in the oven or something like
that, or one day.
The guy wakes up out of bed.
All of a sudden, there's the
animal.
In which the matter be.
Take pictures of shirt on, stuff
like that. Start to make some
food.
When you get some food to his
pet.
And he used to say yeah.
Good. And get my picture, given
his house and you get on his
way.
They probably should go to work
or something like that.
He's walking.
He's walking a group of people
with his animal.
Then he uh.
Going to a kitchen, talking to
somebody. I don't know if he is
looking for a job or not.
Then he is asking another person
I think for employment of
something like that.
He worked on certain things.
This guy Just got some work. Not
too sure. Not too sure. I see
the fish market.
Guy with big hat.
Yeah, lady.
Down journey or just playing the
game?
One some type of whale.
Hmm.
So strange rules.
Then.
Some guy playing on the wall.
Yes, only with some type of
machine.
Then.
Some other woman he asked for
help because she has to cat or
something like that or cat some
type of pottery cat store.
Go to somebody has an airplane
or something like that or some
type sometimes not like
airplane, but some somebody that
works on airplanes is asking for
work.
Yes, he's getting the turn
around.
His wife won't try to willing to
help him find a job, right?
Maybe because he's an immigrant,
I don't know. #End_Arrival_5
{OK, so that is this part of the
story. So going on to the next
one.}
{This is just one page complex
scene. Again, just describe what
you see, what is happening. I
would take between three and
five minutes.}
#START_Exhibit_12
Yeah, well, see this lot of red
walls?
A lot of people kind of like on
ladders or something like that.
And a lot of people doing
certain things.
Hanging stuff up, talking to a
lot of people with different
colored shirts on.
Different hair design; people
have different color clothes on.
People seem like they're busy.
in a hurry doing something.
You know, big crowded area.
And also.
Wow. Pictures on the wall. Stuff
like that. Nature.
Yeah, they're going on then.
People carrying stuff.
You will hear something in the
head, on the head.
There's also a lot of people
trying to fixed some people
fixing stuff.
Some who were still in there for
himself, it seems like.
No.
There's just, like, so much
going on.
Wait.
She like family Pictures on the
wall, pictures of clowns in the
wall.
So you guys in them.
Some guy carrying a big green
vase.
I see. Yeah.
A bunch of guys and and blue
shirt.
See. The rails are white.
Ohso see.
People drawing paintings and
stuff like that. See boxes.
Professional athlete.
Also see.
People just drawing paintings.
Communicating with one another.
Also see.
Red Question marks?
White circles around them?
Also see.
A lot of people stand on the
scaffold.
Being lazy, not doing ****.
Also see a man with a fish.
I see a man
Some type of alien or creature
or woman suit or something like
that.
Well, let's just see some guy
with that.
Who?
Lumberjack shirt.
Also carrying a masks and stuff.
Walter, see you.
I really see a lot of guys in
cowboy pictures and stuff like
that.
I see a bunch of people, guys
hanging.
On the wall to help one another.
You certain pictures up?
Let's see again a guy with a
nice suit on.
Also see a couple.
Horse pictures up on the wall.
See something just with some
with coins on it.
Lot of these pictures have
different colored frames on you.
#END_exhibit_12
{The next one is a graphic
novel. Just go through the
story, describe what you see,
what is happening and take
between 10 and 15 minutes for
this 5 pages.}
#START_Arrival_1 OK, I see a man
was a family in a portrait.
Guys taking it all, taking off
the shelf.
He's putting inside the man's
wrapping that and thinking he's
sending it all, wrapping it up.
In a the ribbon.
And.
Carefully putting in some type
of luggage.
These registers tied and.
The secure get blue pants on the
luggage.
Guess she's.
Sending it off to some loved
ones or something like that.
It seems like he has a white
shirt on.
Straps in the luggage.
They have holes. There's a
buckle on there.
His shirt maybe would be
wrinkled. Shirt look wrinkly.
I see a paper bird.
I see a wooden clock.
Turned down there sometime.
See a hat and shirt on the
clothes hook.
I see.
Spoon in the pot.
I see picture of family.
I see a teapot with steam it.
Some coffee and that picture of
oceanliner racing tickets.
I see luggage, clothing, and.
I see.
Man, the picture. This picture
taken with his family. They're
smiling.
They might be seem like they're
happy.
Umm.
There's also there's some clouds
in the picture.
I see a son.
The man.
and uh wife.
Man and wife were holding hands
and type of luggage.
Paper bird is laying with
different type of bottles.
There's a clock up there.
Was like doing like in the
kitchen or something like that.
Like a dining table, cups of tea
or coffee. Just three chairs.
They seem worried.
About his trip.
Who knows where he's going?
Ohh.
Maybe he's going on a business
trip away his dress.
Something like that.
Hmm.
Ohh, a child waking up from
sleeping.
She's getting up and running.
Versus sitting in the kitchen
eating breakfast.
He's looking at the luggage.
Wondering.
Where they going? They're
putting on their clothes and
moms helping her.
Just turn your luggage over to
her dad. He's.
Has his hand out to take it.
We leaving the house.
Walking down the street together
as a family, like a shadow
again.
So we'll tell with some spikes.
Kind of like spooky. Like kind
of scary.
And.
Yeah, no. It's like kind of
gloomy dark outside.
This daughter look like she's
looking up in the sky seems like
she's kind of worried.
Like, she's kind of worried and
holding her hand. They come to a
train station.
You know, there's a lot of
people there with luggage that's
kind of dark and cloudy and
stuff like that.
You know, so you know they
taking the train somewhere.
I don't know what. Who knows
where?
Is there a pat on the daughter
on the shoulder? Let me show you
something.
There's a.
It's a paper bird underneath his
hat and he gives it to his
daughter.
She could play with.
They look at their bird together
and gives her a hug.
OK.
Then there's then the mom
started crying.
And she hugs her husband and
they say their goodbyes as he
kisses her.
He's gets on a train.
The daughter is holding his
hand.
Then he wants to let go of
daughter's hand goes and off the
train goes away. He's waving
goodbye to train, the trains
going on things. The is train
smoke.
He has a he's on a train, he's
looking at a picture of his
family.
Yeah, he's eating soup.
Was looking at his family having
dinner.
Looking outside the train. I was
not on the train now.
Yes, she's looking through a
hole because other people on it,
many hundreds under some type of
ship you know, smoking, selling
all.
So well, who knows where so.
#END_Arrival_1
{OK, the next one is also a
story. It's about 11 pages. So
go through the story and
describe what you see and what
is happening. Again, we're
aiming for between 10 and 15
minutes.} #START_flowerman
Ok.
See a guy walking.
In some dark, gloomy
neighborhood or whatever.
It's like a Ferris wheel.
Maybe a gas station or horror
some type of?
Falling to on the side of the
hill.
And he's walking on the brick
where there's lights.
Buildings like there is a
building, different type of
buildings with cars on it.
There's a bar.
Like there was a carnival.
Hmm.
Some broken door.
Like a broken gate or whatever.
There's like a.
A bait shop.
Cats in the window.
Open doors.
Some people walking. There's
trash cans.
Chimney smoke.
There is a.
Those are like some boxes on the
roof.
Different type of businesses
like a Garage.
People hanging in the alleyway.
So an anchor in there.
The anchor right there.
Great.
Yes, this guys.
In for further and in the town.
The street lights.
There's open windows, some
windows there.
That.
Curtains with holes in them and
stone walkways.
Trash cans, clocks on buildings.
It's a statue.
Some lights, street lights were
on. Just people.
And these windows some.
OK, cafes.
The cafe, somebody riding on a
motorcycle.
There is also some people.
Driving the car.
It's different type of business
and people outside.
Hanging out.
The kid walking down the street.
OK, there's guys coming up to a
house because people still
looking out the window.
The.
There's the lights in the
street.
Bank is going to abandoned house
or something like that, so.
There's a fire hydrant.
OK, some broken down house like
this for sale.
Like trees and bushes, like a
lot of.
Chimney smokes coming out of the
top of the houses.
Lot of people's windows out,
windows are open. People are
talking, conversating.
Stuff like that.
Lot of people on the street
talking.
A lot more people out in the
street doing different things.
I don't know if this guy bought
this house nice and the roof was
purple somewhere on the scooter.
Someone just rolling himself
down the street, that's
handicap.
And it's a lady with her kid.
Well, the guys fixing up the
windows, it's a red.
Lawn mower.
Some lady hanging out.
Blue window shades.
It's also.
More people, maybe a mail man?
So we'll we'll be in Daisy
seeing with the old guys doing.
To his house.
Is also maybe have an argument,
some kids hanging out.
Yes, through the trees.
It's like, well, there's
different colors on it.
Chimney has different colors and
I guess they got done fixing
this house.
Or so.
We'll see there. What's he
doing?
He's waving to somebody while
he's planting flowers or
something, the neighbor.
The girl got a flower from the
older gentleman.
He's walking somewhere and she
had orange hair, yellow shirt.
So blue dress and yellow
stockings and blue shoes.
There's an artist in the window.
The guy delivering stuff.
The girl coming from an
alleyway.
And.
OK, maybe some hot dogs and
stuff.
A kid throwing pennies in the
wishing well thing.
You wanna go on trying getting
something to deliver gas, trying
to get in the building.
There's a homeless person with a
dog begging.
One of these holding her kids
hand while she goes up in the
building.
No.
Yeah.
The old man's talking to some
people.
The little girl is talking to
the homeless begger. I guess
there's a guy with clown face
on.
Pictures on the wall.
These pictures on the wall and
stuff like that and.
Delivering one one families
moving out of the house. They're
moving somewhere.
And um.
Guy Blue shirt on one guys,
heavy set.
Mover and shakers.
Hmm.
So.
Some older lady talking to some
young gentleman or.
And bring flowers.
Well, roofs has different.
Roof has different colors on it.
Golden Rooster on them some
lady.
Talking on the phone in the
window.
Yeah.
Also, their standing by poll.
The milk man is delivering
stuff.
His white suit on.
Um.
There's a red car.
Flash and having pictures.
Their drawing, making pictures
in the window.
You standing having so kids
having fun in the.
And the wishing well and the
well water.
Statue squirting water around
this.
Squirting water out of his lips.
I was a clown.
And then we're climbing up
selling balloons and now man,
delivering.
Delivering mail.
Guy in the one window, he
watching TV.
I guess there's that.
Animal on the roof.
Older guy with one leg with a
crutch with dog.
The young ladies talking to him.
And red fire hydrant.
Some kids talking to him.
Yes.
They got old guys about the
house, got some type of.
Cooking and grilling out,
barbecuing some guy got.
Guys, it's time we get talking
together, maybe playing
somewhere.
Basketball or something like
that.
Like older ladies got a baby in
their hair.
Talking to somebody who magic.
Guess the one girl wants to send
the guy in the world tours or
cast versus woman.
Milkman's talking to somebody
that's red.
Window.
There's what you call it, a guy,
older guy sitting down.
You got playing guitar?
Clock on the wall.
Milkman truck is.
White and red with a cow on it.
The cat on the roof.
Yes, the bushes are starting to
blossom with white flowers.
There's green grass, there's a
guest. The old man's throwing
the kid up in the sky, his
grandkids.
um.
Friday. Nice spring or Summer
day out there.
Hmm.
Like it's starting to get night
out. There's not that many
people on the street.
Seeing people's houses the green
chair.
Is there a refund the milk
truck?
The old man.
Is he going somewhere? He has a
blue umbrella.
One of the ladies having a
conversation with the guy with
the purple purse outside the
house is the house he fixed up.
It's for sale now.
And the dog is just waiting and
looking. Also there's some guy
selling flowers. Somebody's
riding some guy.
Like piggy back.
Some kids in the street is
chasing out the guy in the.
Have a cash on this lake.
Someone has a dog on her lap by
fire hydrant.
Some lady thinks getting her
hair done.
Another lady.
It's pie coming out with pie
from building for somebody to
try.
Somebody's throwing the Gray
ball, a kids riding a dog.
Some girl with green on, with
green on waving to him.
Somebody is playing with the
kid.
The other.
Lady is walking down the street
with her daughter holding a kid.
Bottle with flowers in the
window.
Hmm.
Don't know.
A guy.
Waving his arms, there's a guy
playing guitar.
Guy dancing with him and his
girl.
A guy with a towel on top of the
roof.
I don't know what some type of
basket or something.
2 Ladies on top of the roof.
There was the lady and the man
on the rooftop and.
There was a.
Picture on the wall no.
There's a picture.
Inside a window.
The bookshelf and time window in
the house normally.
Getting together.
Somebody talking.
Sound somewhere making some
pizza.
Chimney.
Smoke coming out of it.
something else now.
Yeah, they, the guy that bought
the house. He's walking further
out of town.
Yeah, Blue hat on.
Just people.
There's people outside.
There's a statue of man on the
horse.
There's also somewhere in the
motorcycle with a eye patch on
talking to somebody.
These people on the roof.
The cafe.
Someone's standing outside the
cafe.
The lady and man talking and
hugging one another.
There's other people out there.
My God, dark. It's getting
darker outside people on the
roof.
Different than this different
color brick buildings.
It's a it's a family.
On the back balcony.
Holding hands joining the.
The weather.
There's also there's a.
Clocks on the wall.
Different type of businesses.
The street lights are on.
One guy had a flower in his
hand.
There's an old guy with a
homeless guy with a bottle in
his hands. A dog.
Corner street.
You see something for sellers
coming to another apartment?
Yeah, something is there.
The key says 10.
Yeah, the bag if she has a dog
with him.
I went to this place as a guy
with a pipe in his hand in the
window.
He's looking out the window.
There's a lady in case, looking
out, seeing who it is.
Wonder what's going on?
Is it tree out there?
And it's over all different type
of people looking out the window
to see what's going on.
And.
Seeing this guy see what he's
doing.
Stone Pebble Rd.
People doing stuff in the
windows.
Little kids.
in the windows.
Doing different stuff.
Guys cooking with Chef hat on
like.
Is it for sale, Sir?
Trash can.
First came out there.
Remember the buildings there?
Market guys leaving?
Old Man's leaving. Someone gave
the kid a flower.
Brown hair, blue eyes, pale
skin.
She has like orange, I mean a
reddish dress, one little yellow
shirt.
For Moss.
Someone gave her got older, dead
flower.
He has a glasses on ball head
and Red bow tie and look happy
and surprised.
Look like they.
The guy, old man with the green
coat on, the orange scarf and
blue hat.
Just leaving these going
somewhere.
Only stone, stone, brownstone
building, brick buildings or
whatever. #END_Flowerman
{OK, so that was the story. So
moving on, this next one is just
one complex scene. Just describe
what you see in detail and take
between three and five minutes.}
OK.
#START_unfriendly_giants I see a
bunch of.
A bunch of giants there.
White giants they have different
colors on.
Is.
Playing games or something like
that with humans.
They look on. They look kind of
mean.
They have different colored
clothes more.
And look kind of hairy.
Don't seem friendly.
There's water there doing
different type of activities.
Different colored trees.
Only like this, squirting
something out with squirting up
water with some type of straw
and squirting humans with it
like having fun.
And they ripping out and they
got these type of.
Cameras. And so they're doing
all types of stuff, you know?
They got someones giving
flowers, I mean like trees to
some billboard of a lady or
something like that.
1.
One John Tipping off his hat.
Hmm.
And one has roped up a house
with humans around it.
Yeah.
And the other guy got humans on
this boat.
People on this boat wrapped up.
And ohh listen humans they got.
His.
leg trying to have a trap form
or something like that.
Humans being dragged.
And also.
They're trying to.
Just another giant trying to
kiss a lady. Billboards.
And.
They're trying to.
Some some humans are trying to
climb up the hill or something
like that.
Then then there's some stone
building with humans on it.
Giants is trying to get to it.
One giant is a point of a tree
dusting some.
People away.
Just some windmills.
Some people climbing up the.
hill getting into.
Into the stone fortress.
It's like a windmill.
that is white.
It's a.
Giant peeking his head on top of
the roof of the house.
Some people on top of the
castle.
That has.
Slingshots or.
spears in their hands.
Some people hiding in trees and
stuff like that.
And some giant is like trying to
get to him.
There's also.
Some giants tied up on the
ground.
The humans is 1.
Giant getting hit in his head
with a with a hammer.
There's also.
There's also a windmill.
Giant smacking a windmill.
There's also.
Some giants, some Giants
nailing.
Yelling over doing something
about water.
Also.
From people standing by
buildings.
Some viking on top of a
building.
Some knights with swords and
stuff like that.
Some giants is like playing
checkers with people.
Yeah, look angry.
Or confused.
It's like some catapult.
Just finding people around.
#END_unfriendly_giants
{Yep, that was about 5 minutes.
That was good.}
{Right. We'll try another one
like that.}
#START_escape_from_the_zoo
Escape from the zoo.
I'll see you all like.
All different type of.
Animals lebras, lemurs.
There's different type of people
there.
Umm.
There's some lines looking
around some.
Some people with strollers.
People with families came in
with strollers. Just zookeepers.
There was a.
Some people, they got Nets and
stuff like that.
There's igloos.
I mean, there's also guys with
sunglasses, there's elephants.
Some guys are just some trees
there.
There's some birds, just people
looking at different type of
events like the polar bears.
There's some people running
around.
The children's hippopotamus.
There's also Kangaroos hopping
around.
There's also.
Some people are some ice cream.
There's Peacocks.
There's also.
A cafe.
There's also.
So far.
Giraffes some people selling hot
dogs.
Some people jumping around over
the exhibits, getting out away
from running away from the
rhinoceros.
Snakes.
On the ground.
Skunks and.
And Ant eaters and.
Gazelles.
And antelope.
The.
Yeah, there's a dock or
something like that in there. I
don't know, some type of bird,
some type of flying airplane
sitting on benches.
Animals reading newspapers and
stuff like that.
And.
There's also monkeys making
noise.
Multi on top of the world,
sitting on top of the.
Long way looking.
{We're going to hear you. I'm
sorry, it's.}
It's a gorilla and gorilla
making noises, a human imitating
them.
Hmm, there's also.
These people by a gift shop.
There's birds on there.
On the roof or eagle there's
flag is showing off different
types of animals on the pole.
There's people scared.
Running away from the animals.
There's also hippopotamus in
mud.
So.
Is green grass.
Birds and type of trees.
There's also.
People on park benches.
There's different type of
zookeepers there.
A little kid paying for ice
cream.
Is also.
Birds flying in the sky.
Just people jumping over
railings and stuff like that is
people eating hot dogs.
So we're losing ships.
Ohh. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
{OK, let's finish this up so the
next one is a graphic novel.}
{Again, just tell the story and
take between 10 and 15 minutes.
This one is about 6 pages.}
#START_arrival_6 I see a pod
somewhere, a bird or something
like that.
Something looking at it some
type of creature or something
like that.
Ohh.
Guy's writing a letter.
The candle using just some
money.
He's folding up the letter.
Give something to to a bird.
Some money. There's a salt
shaker. He's putting the bird in
some type of envelope.
Putting money inside the
envelope. He's also.
He's also licking the envelope
painting, putting the stamp on
it.
He's walking down his steps with
his.
Some animal or pet or something
like that. He asked some lady
for directions and she had some
type of animal in her basket.
She directs him to some type of
machine.
Reads the machine puts the
letter in.
Well, he's walking.
On the hillside was tree like
leaves.
I.
Leaves the light trees.
There's a Balloon.
Shape things on top of the
machines that you put the
envelope in.
Different type of cone shaped
buildings.
We pull some type of lever. We
we pull some type of lever to
open at the machine, so the
envelope is going.
He was looking at the sky.
Now he's off. He's going
somewhere.
What is fat?
I don't know where he's going.
Leaf starting to split.
Down the middle, what we go
further.
Or just weathering.
And leaf is turning into
something, I guess.
Turning into some type of.
That's another type of plant.
And it's like weather, in a way,
the new plants withering away
into something else.
Parts of it blown away.
Into the sky.
I guess its turning into a new
plant.
Something like that.
Around being so this is a new
plant that I got.
You have birds flying around it.
I guess it has seeds on it.
Seeds are starting to drop and.
Different types of animals is
coming.
To eat the leaves or take them
somewhere.
The.
This plant like this Clover like
plant or whatever like clove
like plants like starting to
wither away.
Die slowly.
Well, it's starting to wither
away and.
It's starting to snow, I think.
Turn into something else it's
just starting to get burried and
it's like footprints.
The snows like cover up most of
this.
Covered up most of this new
plant.
With this snow.
Umm.
I'll see like flying boats in
this picture.
The sky has like smog.
And fog and stuff.
Like.
All stuff like chimneys is like
a different type of.
Stuff on the roof like teepees
or something like birds flying.
I see.
Think like like Snow on the roof
or something like that.
See big TP, big TP buildings.
See roads. Let's see like.
I see people.
On the ground.
Going places.
I guess this is like a.
Station for both to come to
something.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Pot or
Some animal.
Feeding some birds or something
like that, yeah.
You're really looking at a
picture in the room.
Books and stuff and chairs and a
bit.
Animal.
the animals on the bed and it
seems sad.
He jumps off the bed.
He goes downstairs. The guy
follows him. When the  going,
the animal sees the letter.
And in the in any person, the
man picks it up, he helps and
open it up and.
Let me just, uh, paper bird.
Origami unfolds it and breeds
it. Jewelry.
And you think he's looking out
the window and she?
So I sent you the.
What's going on?
I guess somebody.
Pet origami.
Some strange.
Cotton sheet type machine.
picture there's a hat and a
jacket hanging on the hook off
the wall.
Umm.
Bowl something strange and
exotic food.
Some pictures of some of the sun
and some clouds and some flying
boats.
And some some.
Strange.
Mechanical things there.
It's a newspaper.
Cup of coffee or tea or portrait
of some other family and
smiling.
So coffee cup and the guy
handing money to a little kid in
their hand.
I guess this is the full picture
of a.
The different parts of the small
picture that you're showing.
Wanna see where the animal had
fun with the kid?
That's the little girls I put on
the boat. I'm putting on her
boots.
And then the pets tagging along.
She's putting on her hat.
Guess they run down the steps.
Together.
The little girl in the.
The pet down the stone steps
with their funny shape.
Architecture.
And they see stuff on the ground
her and her pet.
Yeah, I think there's a
lightning bug in this.
That she's having fun with.
Forward.
Right. That was that story.
#END_arrival_6